Update sdk_authentication.md (#7186)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_wide/sdk_authentication.md

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

## Managing public keys {#key-management}

### Adding a public key

You can add up to three public keys for each app: a primary, a seconday, and a tertiary. You can also add the same key to more than one app if needed. To add a public key:

> 1. Open the Braze dashboard and select **Settings** > **App Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the Braze dashboard and select **Settings** > **App Settings**.
```

2. Choose an app from your list of available apps.
3. Under **SDK Authentication**, select **Add Public Key**.
4. Enter an optional description, paste in your public key, then select **Add Public Key**.

### Assign a new primary key

To assign a secondary or tertiary key as your new primary key:

> 1. Open the Braze dashboard and select **Settings** > **App Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the Braze dashboard and select **Settings** > **App Settings**.
```

2. Choose an app from your list of available apps.
3. Under **SDK Authentication**, choose a key and select **Manage** > **Make Primary Key**.

### Deleting a key

> Primary keys cannot be deleted. To delete one, first [assign a new primary](#assign-a-new-primary-key), then delete your key. To delete a non-primary key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To delete a primary key, first [assign a new primary](#assign-a-new-primary-key), then delete your key. To delete a non-primary key:
```

> 1. Open the Braze dashboard and select **Settings** > **App Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the Braze dashboard and select **Settings** > **App Settings**.
```
